hello to you dmitri and in this
video we will not only show you
our assembly for all games on full hd
monitor with maximum settings and 4
multiple smoothing
Well, and comment on these components
So start gtx 970 video card
from gigabytes with brand cooling
windforce x3
this card is quiet and accelerates well
thanks to its good system
cooling processor 4690 key in
comments does not need maternal
pay
m and the site z97 letters eight unpretentious but
with all the necessary overclocking features
great solution for your money 8
gigabytes of ram from the company
samsung
good memory with a good overclocking
120 gigabyte ssd potential from
kingston companies
line we 300 this ssd drive is worth
relatively cheap but gives good
read speed and excellent speed
records
and still has an important factor as
3 year warranty
hard drive western digital green on 1
terabyte quiet with a large margin
strength excellent solutions in terms of
price-quality power supply zalman zm 500
hp 500 watts of it completely lacks
for this assembly and under overclocking cooler from
thermalright companies
match model 123 vizio of this cooler
will be enough to
overclock our 4690 kid 4 and 6 gigahertz and
above
aerocool v3x advance black case
edition
spacious housing in which you can
put a cooler up to 170
millimeters and a video card up to 350
mm
as our case because of its price
comes with a meager system
cooling it was decided to add two 120
millimeter fan aerocool dark
force of this 54000 280 rubles or 1000 10
dollars now look at that
capable of this build on with you was
dmitry all bye
my
will go
arber